The Weight of Victory.

“Charizard, use Flamethrower!” 
 
The giant fire lizard’s head reared back, azure eyes glowing dangerously as embers flowed around his muzzle. I could barely hear the opponent call something out to his Greninja before my Charizard deafened me with a fireball. It scorched past me, crossing the battlefield with such blistering speed that it surprised me that the frog Pokemon could respond at all. It had formed a water shuriken between its hands, though it was barely enough to combat Charizard’s searing attack. 
 
The explosion between fire and water was large enough to rock the whole stadium, billowing clouds of steam enveloping both of the Pokemon. I could only see shadows dancing around each other, but we had practiced for this! “Now, Body Slam!” I shouted out, but Charizard was already one step ahead of me. The bulky dragon was shooting high into the sky, wings fanning wide before he dove rapidly back into the mist.
 
I felt the solid thud of the impact in my feet and the pained cry of a fainted Greninja. Charizard had hit his mark. The fog dispersed, whipped away by his powerful wingflaps, and in the center of the battlefield was my massive fire dragon burying the poor frog underneath his belly stomach. It was a technique that we practiced time and time again, but every time he knocked out some poor Pokemon, he would always make a show of grinding his heft into them, and this time was no exception. It was impossible to see from the stands, but from the way his legs shifted about and how his paunch of a belly shifted ever so slightly atop the poor Greninja, how he rolled it back and forth… Charizard hungered for something more. The knowing smirk he shot me told me said more than enough.

I gulped. 
 
His expression slipped away in a single blink, rearranging itself into one of arrogant triumph. Cheers erupted through the stadium as a victorious roar ripped from his throat. It was a far different sound than my sigh of relief. I got lucky… this time.
 
—
 
“That was a great battle, Charizard!”
 
He didn’t even look back at me. Steam hissed up from his tailflame as the bulky dragon washed himself in the shower, with a sponge the size of a kitchen towel in his grasp. “Didn’t even break a sweat!” he declared with bravado. “I’d hardly call that a good use of our time.”
 
The water came to a stop as he turned the faucet off. As he blew flames in the shower to dry himself off, I finished dressing out of my battle clothing, throwing on my casual wear before grabbing his Pokeball out of my bag. “I know, I know,” I said with a laugh. I couldn’t help but feel amused by his arrogance – we’ve been undefeated so far, but we were still greenhorns in the League. “But we have to work our way up. Patience is a virtue, you know.”
 
“Patience?” The Charizard approached me, his footsteps wet on the floor of the public shower. Every step seemed to shake the very foundation of the building, his gut swaying with his gait. For such a big dragon, it was surprising how quickly he could corner me against the lockers, looming tall over me. “You know that I’m not a patient dragon. You haven’t been rewarding me after every win, not like you used to.” Smoke rolled from his nostrils as he stared down at me. “Where’s my reward, Master?”
 
“R-reward?” My laugh was forced and nervous, the situation between us rapidly deteriorating. “Not now Charizard, please, just wait until-”
 
The lockers shook as he pushed me against them with his enormous bulk, cream-colored belly pudging right against my face. His strong claws wrapped slipped underneath my back, pulling me into his mass, and he craned his neck down to get a better look at me. It wasn’t until this point where I really realized how much trouble I was in. 
 
“I’m done waiting for my reward, Master. I want it now, whether you like it or not.”
 
“But we’ll get caught! We’re not going to be alone in here-”
 
I couldn’t get more than a squeak out before the Charizard pulled me away from the lockers like a doll, stooping down to flattened me against the floor with all 500 pounds of his girth. His cream-colored flesh pressed down against my entire body, smothering me whole in his warm, soft hide. “A good trainer wouldn’t hesitate to service his dragon, no matter when or where” he said from above, baritone voice barely audible through the layers of Charizard belly squishing me against the floor. “And I demand your service now.
 
My response was just as muffled. Speaking through something so thick was impossible. My reaction must have told him everything, though. I wiggled and squirmed underneath him, but his gut simply absorbed all of my efforts. His sheer bulk swallowed my hands when I tried to push against him, it padded my legs when I tried to raise them, and even when I tried with my entire body to lift him up, the Charizard simply pressed himself harder against me - his master! 
 
But there was no denying that it felt so good. The way his belly stretched and squished against my body left me begging for more, and he was more than happy to oblige. I pressed my face into the darkness of my prison, huffing down his musk and savoring the pheromones that he drowned me in. The smell was so powerful that I couldn’t help but moan underneath him, a sound that surely reverberated through his belly.
 
“Oh? You’re really enjoying this, aren’t you, Master?” Though I was trapped, I could practically see the twinkle in his eyes and the triumphant smirk on his muzzle. As if to add insult to injury, the dragon began to rock himself back and forth, his belly sloshing as it rubbed against me. It was like being smothered by the gigantic weighted blanket; I could do nothing but let the warmth wash over me, every square inch of my body enveloped by his immense girth. 
 
There was so much of him, every one of my senses overloaded by my Pokemon- the intoxicating musk filling my lungs, the smooth hide smothering me whole, the slight huffs from above as my Charizard rubbed against me. His body just felt so soft and plush against mine that I couldn’t help but stiffen up, hardly able to suppress even my groans as my length began to poke insistently into his belly. “Ahh, f-fuck, Charizard please,” was all I could babble as I clenched into his gut, my fingers sinking into his softness. “Just let me…”
 
“Hmm? Let you? Oh, I’m not letting you do anything. We’re just getting started, Master.”
 
I had barely known he had been holding back. My entire body spasmed as he let his full weight drop upon me now, my cock enveloped in the cushiest prison I’d ever known. I dug my hands tight into his gut and buried my face as hard as I could into his muskiness, thrusting my length into his plushness and smearing my lust all over his hide. The more I lubed his smooth, soft gut, the more I encouraged his sensual grinding and the more his thick ‘zard belly pushed harder against my shaft, sliding faster and faster around it. It was so thick that it caressed every last inch of my length without fail, leaving me helpless to do anything but shudder and moan into his belly.
 
Every time he humped against me, the echo of his sloshing gut slapping against me sounded throughout the empty room - he was just so big. I panted, breath hot and heavy with how overwhelming this was. But each inhalation only intoxicated me with more of his draconic musk, its thick, earthy scent plying me into thrusting harder against his welcoming gut. Air, I need… air, I thought dimly, and though I tried to gasp for breath, his enormous warm belly rushed into my mouth the moment I opened it. The sheer amount of paunch muffled my moan as I failed to draw in anything more than more draconic musk.
 
There was no stopping him – not that I wanted to anymore. How could anyone resist this smothering, laying under a mountain of jiggling, sloshing Charizard gut. All of my senses - my sight, my taste, my smell, my touch - belonged to him; there was nothing else but his heavy, warm hide shoved so snugly against all of me. I thrust without abandon against him, hugging his belly tight, trying to sink as deep into him as I could possibly get. So soft, so warm, so impossibly huge. I couldn’t breathe! I needed air…!
 
In an instant, all the immense pleasure that engulfed me disappeared. I heaved, each breath as deep and as long as I could draw for, filling my lungs with the slightly less musky air. My dick throbbed and leaked viciously at the edge of my peak, so sensitive that it felt like a single stroke would set me off. But even then, I couldn’t move a muscle, still in shock from all the sensations that I’d just experienced. I slowly opened my eyes to see my Charizard looming over me, a curious smirk on his muzzle and his tongue slurping predatorily along his chin. He grabbed me by my waist, pinning arms together with a single, massive paw, and lifted me effortlessly off the ground.
 
“You really enjoyed this, didn’t you Master?” His eyes trailed downwards, and I could only follow his gaze. His other paw rolled up against his hefty paunch, sliding gently across its squishy surface. I focused on each individual digit and how they sunk into the soft gut with even the slightest amount of pressure, deforming its perfectly round shape as they lightly dragged over that creamy sea of blubber. I just needed a simple touch, just a simple sense to experience how good it felt... but it was no use. With my arms bound against me, I could only watch hungrily from my position in the air. 
 
His paw then moved down below his belly, before gently lifting it up (even he seemed to struggle a bit with the heft), the yellow flesh growing even plumper and ever more inviting with the extra support. He then dropped it, just letting his gut slosh around, jiggling as hundreds of pounds of Charizard mass would. Then he started kneading, squishing, and massaging the pliant flesh, handling it like the softest putty, sometimes pushing in so deep that his paw had nearly disappeared from sight underneath all that blubber. Charizard huffed gently against me; he certainly was getting a kick out of this too. Seeing his already massive claws playing with that belly... even those somehow managed to look small in comparison. But soon, the movements stopped. 
 
He moved his paw over the center of his large paunch, where I’d only just been smothered moments ago. Its surface glistened, slick with the lust I had so passionately painted him with. A single, thick digit traced across the stains, picking up a hefty glob of my pre and leaving a sticky trail behind as he lifted it up slowly, back towards our faces. 
 
With his long, powerful neck, he moved in closer, leaving only mere inches between us. 
 
“Nothing to say? But this is proof enough, Master.”
 
He brought his pre-soaked digit up and slipped it sensually into his maw, suckling on it loudly and lewdly, right in my face so that I could see and hear every little detail. If I didn’t know any better, I would have thought he was desperate for my precum, leaving not a single drop left to waste. “Mmm... so tasty…”
 
The Charizard ended his loud suckling with a wet pop, slipping his paw out of his steaming muzzle, now clean of my fluids and replaced with his own. He eyed me with a lust-filled stare, his panting audible, our combined musk blowing straight into my face. 

The world rumbled as he took a slow, leisurely step forward. “Now I’m going to make Master give me more…” 
 
I groaned. What trainer would have their Pokemon dominate them like this?
 
He carried me over to the shower, his thick form blotting out most of the light in the cramped space. My back slid against the shower wall, his large paw pinning me against it as my feet dangled several feet above the ground. In front of me, his beautiful, round gut shivered with his every breath, so large that it stretched beyond my field of vision. He licked his muzzle one more time. 
 
I couldn’t help but cry out when he thrusted forward, pinning me against the wall with his welcoming paunch. My cock dug right back into his belly, as if it belonged there all this time. “Ah, f-fuck!”  I yelped, though his hide muffled the sound. His paw retracted, allowing my arms and legs to spread to hug all of that cushiony gut, even as it smushed itself far beyond my arm span. My head just barely cleared the yellow paunch, my chin resting below me, on a yellow sea of dragon blubber. 
 
My Charizard began to push and grind against me, smothering me with his immense belly once again. He knew just how he wanted to bully me – one moment, his flesh lightly caressed me like the softest bean bag chair, and the next it became tight, like a bed of musky pillows drowned beneath a heap of concrete. I could hardly breathe from how hard he ground me into the wall, only able to draw breath when he relented.
 
But he knew how to use more of his body than that. He used his powerful feet for leverage to rub against me in all directions, up and down, forward and back, rotating in slow, sensual circles. I could only hug and thrust against him as he had his way with me, treating my throbbing member to a personal tour of his hefty gut. I groaned and drooled as the feeling of immense softness finally returned to me, so heavenly around my member. “Charizard, god you’re so, mmm oh fu-“
 
Not even my mouth was safe, as Charizard dove forward with his massive maw. I couldn’t do anything when he drove his oversized tongue into my mouth. “Mmmmff!”
 
He dominated me thoroughly, thrusting and drooling into me with his heated power. My jaw stretched wide just to accommodate it, and I could only suck on it, tasting his heavenly musk as he took me. 
Charizard forced himself onto me so powerfully that I nearly choked; the most I could do was push back with my own meager tongue, feeling how hot and muscled he was it explored my mouth in full. He was as messy as he was relentless, slathering my face with saliva as his muzzle inched forward around me. It rubbed and nosed at my own face before he closed it shut around me, allowing only his enormous tongue the privilege of pleasuring his master. 
 
It was dark inside his moist cavern of a maw. I couldn’t see a single thing, but the essence of my Pokemon had never been more apparent. Copious amounts of his goopy saliva dripped all around me and coated my face, smothering me with his musky scent. He suckled lovingly as he frenched me, his monstrous tongue not allowing me even a moment to catch my breath.
 
Were I able to even move my arms, I would have cradled his muzzle and directed it into my kiss, but I was far more a victim of his impulses than he was of mine. There was no way I could struggle against a dragon of his size or passion, so I surrendered myself to him, his tongue, his force of will, as he kissed me more thoroughly than any person ever could. My length shivered and ached underneath his warm, squishy belly every time he pushed against my tongue, as I curled my own gently around the thick intrusion before sucking wetly on it. The most I could do was continue to thrust and whimper into him, his underbelly slickened further with more of my arousal each passing second.
 
Every time I would try to escape his hot, wet embrace, I found myself coaxed back into it. His strong claws grasped the back of my head and pulled me back in, and I was ashamedly complicit in every moan, every brush of the tongue, every moment exchanged in those fiery throes. And though his arousal was already so obvious, he announced it in more than just growls and snarls.
 
A soft, throbbing squishiness pressed up against the base of my balls at first, smearing them in such thorough wetness that I clutched the dragon hard, groaning unabashedly into him. It would have been a short burst of excitement at best, but Charizard had so much to offer - his length unfurled inch after inch, his pulsing pillar of virility absolutely dwarfing the width of my rear as it slid under it with a lewd schlick. I had always dreamed of taking a dragon cock like his, but just the first foot of its girth alone would have split me in half...
 
So all I could do was whimper and hug him even tighter as his flaccidness swelled against my back, every one of its powerful throbs resonating within me. I could feel how pre pulsed through it, splattering not just my neck, but my entire back. He frotted that shaft between me and the wall, short, lustful growls accompanying every thrust. He finally released me from his maw’s steamy grasp, instead focusing on grinding his growing cock against me. I felt his grasp loosen around my back, and his gut rose upward before me as I slid down. His belly jiggled with his ministrations, sloshing against my face as I weakly breathed down fresh, glimmering musk that seeped in between the cracks of his soft belly. I couldn’t help but lick and kiss at it, worshiping it in any way I could. There I was, hopelessly trapped between his belly and shaft, between the most indescribable softness and the steamiest of stiffness…
 
"Oh, would you look at that, Master," he snarled, and by this point the contempt in his voice was so apparent that it made me shrink even smaller underneath him. "You've gotten me all thirsty and excited. Won't you do your favorite Pokemon a favor?" 
 
He had finally grown big enough to where his tip crested up against the back of my neck, coating my head with fist-sized beads of his arousal. His cock pulsed angrily, its heat warming the sheets of precum washing down my back. It was almost as wide as my body, a solid foot of Charizard girth rutting up against me and fully supporting me against his plush gut. It stood so tall, so rigid, that even when he relented slightly with his grinding, I was still pushed tightly into his greedy paunch, his cock holding me easily against it. There was little for me to do besides squirm and jostle against the belly that smothered me. It was the only way I could coax myself further to the release I so desperately craved, and to show just how much I appreciated him. 
 
But he found this tribute acceptable enough, puffs of steamy dragon musk washing down on my face as he picked up the pace. His hips rocked against my helpless body, his shaft pressing me up as hard as it could against his stomach. I bit my lip as his hide rubbed sensually against my own length. Though I wanted so desperately to cum, I suddenly found myself fighting to hold the edge. Charizard wouldn't be happy if I came before him, though he made every effort to make sure I couldn’t last.
 
Then came the gurgling. It was a timid sound at first, hardly audible over the squelching and splattering of our combined arousal, but I soon came to realize that those were his nuts. At first they hardly pressed against my feet when he slammed me against the wall, but now they dared to engulf my shins... had they really grown that large?
 
"My loving Master wouldn't cum before his Pokemon, would he?" he growled quietly into my ear. He must have known how close I was. Could it have been how my feet pushed into his ripe, jiggling sack, or how I bit softly into his belly to keep my last remaining shreds of sanity? Or how my shaft spewed so much lust against his gut that it would create such lewd, squelching sounds as he ground against me? Whatever the case was, Charizard knew that I was at the brink, and of course it was in his nature to service his Master…
 
He relented at last, his enormous body pulling back from the wall. The absence of his heavenly squish left me feeling shivering, the air so much cooler than the warmth given by that Charizard gut. Though his musk still filled the room to the brim, it was no longer like inhaling condensed bricks of his scent, though I would much rather have had him smother me whole were I being honest.
 
It wasn't like I had much of a say in anything, though. I had so little energy left after that torment that I slid down to the ground, wheezing, trying to catch my breath with the relatively fresh air. Above me, that familiar orange face smirked down at me, nostrils smoking. "Poor master! Can’t handle lil ol’ me?..."
 
The room quaked as he stomped over to me, letting his spurting shaft slather me in wet goopiness. I had to wipe my eyes away from how thoroughly it painted me, every inch of my body painted in his arousal "But that's okay," he continued, stepping over me, turning, and hanging himself backwards over my face. His orange, sumptuous rear was so big that it cast a shadow over me, blotting out the light so completely that all I could see was the creamy stripe that ran down his taint and the thick, puffy donut that practically begged to be stuffed. It was so big that I nearly forgot about the surely watermelon-sized nuts draped upon my hips, their heft dwarfing the size of my very body.
 
"A Pokemon will always love his Master...as long as Master treats him right..."
 
Any response I had was cut off by a hundred or two pounds of fat Charizard ass plopping down right on my face. He wiggled his hips left and right to wedge me right between his crack, the valley so deep that there was no light at all, but only the muskiness of a fresh Charizard butt. I didn't need to be told twice to reach out with my tongue, immediately probing out the thick, smooth rim of what could only be a premium Charizard donut.
 
For however tough he acted, Charizard melted at first contact. I could feel his cheeks quake around me as I pressed deeper in, letting my tongue lash and lick at every last sensitive inch I could find. And there were plenty of those with how massive he was, and spreading him open with my hands made the job even easier. It was well worth it, for however difficult holding apart such heavy pillows were, each of my hands completely engulfed in their giant masses, it let me get my revenge upon the smug dragon. He cried out when I licked up and down his taint; he quivered when I teased his rim with a delicate suckle; he bellowed when I stuck my tongue in barely an inch. Were I able to speak underneath so much Charizard ass, I would have quipped about his sudden change in character, but I was so enthralled by his rear that I could focus on nothing but that.
 
While I was hungrily devouring him from behind, he simply smushed my length between the cleavage of his balls. I was already so close that I was surprised I held out at all - feeling his soft, plush orbs squelch around my foreskin and roll it down had me moaning into the donut that I tongued so lovingly. I could feel every bit of his soft, gurgling cum factories massaging my cock in ways I thought impossible; so tight yet so gentle, his very virility coaxing my own. My hands sank even further into that Charizard ass, disappearing into its wonderfully pliant flesh, and instead of spreading them wide I brought them in as hard as I could around my head, engulfing myself with so much ‘zard ass that nearly managed to breathe at all.
 
That only got him to grind his sack even harder against my length; though I was hardly endowed enough for my shaft to even stick out above those plump yoga balls, the feeling of my cock being fully engulfed was more than enough to come so close to the edge that I nearly lost control. It was just so soft, so wet, so hot; I could feel the not so subtle churning of his load inside of those wondrous nuts, and my own balls tightened up in anticipation of the inevitable, the final climax to the cup of precum that I had surely exhausted by now.
 
But I couldn't! Not yet! I had to show Charizard who was really in control, that his Master could last until the very end... so I reluctantly pulled myself out of that wondrously musky prison and slapped his rear. Even that was a sight to behold, his massive acreage quivering in an ass-quake from where I slapped. "E-enough!" I gasped. "Any more and I'm gonna...!"
 
Despite his glib nature, he knew just exactly what I meant. "Is that so, Master? Such a shame... I was r-rather enjoying what you were doing back there. I will allow your weakness just this once... with proper c-compensation, of course." He seemed to barely be able to keep up his big dragon act. 
 
For a second time I was tested, his long neck curving down as he swallowed every last inch of my cock in his tight, steamy maw. My fingers sank into his rear as he suckled just once, producing a deafeningly lewd squelch and replacing the pre with Charizard saliva before withdrawing. "It must feel s-so good," he breathed, his dexterous tongue slithering out to wipe away an especially large smear of seed, "to be so close. Right, Master...?"
 
I groaned, nearly releasing into his muzzle right then and there. "Speak for yourself! Look at the mess you're making!" Though I couldn't see it, I could certainly feel how visceral sheets of dragon pre slathered my legs, and how his heavy, perennial musk invaded my every breath.
 
He shifted atop of me, turning around with a grumble. "A mess? Oh, I didn't think that you could see that. How e-embarrassing..." 
 
I could only stare as he came around to face me directly, that yard-long ridged spire looming over me. It drooled like a broken faucet, leaving me sputtering as it deposited cup after cup of goop all over my face. "How about now? T-take a good long lo—mmm….”
 
I was too busy slurping up as much of that salty liquid as I could to produce any kind of response, even as the softness of his plush donut brushed against my tip. It wasn't a second later that he dropped all of his weight upon me, all of that dragon ass practically crushing my hips and swallowing my dick whole. His own cock slapped down against my chest hard enough to leave me stunned for a second, its slickened tip brushing against my cheek. "C'mon, Master," he said with a smirk, massaging my shaft with his cheeks, "W-why so quiet? Too much ass for you to handle?"
 
I tried my best, but nothing intelligible poured from mouth but dragon precum. "Like that, y-yes," he said. "M-master looks so pretty drowned in gallons of my thick dragon c-cum." His hips rose high enough that he rubbed his taint against my tip, my own pre smearing against it until it prodded up against his puffy tailhole at long last. "I think it's high time Master got his... nnff… reward...!"
 
And not a moment sooner, his ass plummeted like a meteor, engulfing my length whole with its impact. We howled in unison, wisps of flame escaping from his nostrils. His thick donut of an ass, despite its incredible size, squeezed tightly around my cock, massaging it tightly from every angle. “O-oh, Master!”
 
His tongue drooped languidly out of his maw as he shifted himself on my dick. His pre continued to leak freely all over my face, a never-ending stream of draconic musk I continued to drink. My hands wandered where they could, stroking his massive, throbbing shaft, kneading his pillowy balls gurgling atop my chest, and rubbing at the plentiful belly flesh drooped atop his member. Each action coaxed another moan or whimper from the massive dragon atop me, his previous dominance all but lost with his tailhole plugged full. 
 
Charizard tried to lift himself off my length, his legs straining before buckling weakly and falling under the pressure. “M-master...your cock, mmm…” At long last, the wind had been taken out of his sails, his confidence usurped by my cock stuffing him tight. I took advantage of his stymied, babbling state, sinking my digits into his sack to gain some sort of leverage under his enormous form. 
 
My thrusts upward, however futile, encouraged Charizard to lift himself upwards once more. His attempts were meager at best - he would try to pull himself up off my shaft, but between his belly, his cock and his sack, he was so heavy that he barely pulled himself up to where his donut puckered and sucked at the head of my well-lubed cock. I could feel him tremble to hold the position, his massive spire quaking and spasming all over my body, and I decided that I could wait no longer.
 
It only took one squelching, pre-splattering thrust upward to break him. I spared not a single muscle as I plowed balls-deep into him from below, mouth trembling as I felt his slick, supple insides draw my foreskin back and clench at my shaft. It was as if his entire body was trying to suck me dry, pulsing and milking all around me in a frenzied desperation. His shaft spasmed in rhythm with his insides, hosing everything around him as I could feel him beginning to lose control.
 
Then he fell back down upon me. Were it not for the sheer amount of cushion all over his body, he would have surely crushed me, but instead it just felt as if I was smothered by the heaviest, but softest bean bags chairs in the world. "Up again, you big, fat lizard!" I groaned, slapping his thick, blubbery thighs. "Master needs to cum! Needs to fill you full of his t-thick goopy jizz, you chubby, good for nothing...!"
 
My words were more than enough to motivate him, his thighs visibly quivering as they tried again to lift the massive load. I savored every inch of cock he exposed, drooling at how his ribbed insides flowed over my shaft; and the moment I felt that puffy tailhole crest the glans of my head, I grabbed him tight and fucked him raw until he came crashing down on me all over again. Charizard was no longer in control, the mewling, slutty dragon just begging to be filled by his master with every pant and growl.
 
And all the while, being suddenly turned the victim drew visible arousal out of Charizard, his balls bulging so large that they swaddled my chin with their plush, musky warmth. I could feel them tighten with every thrust of mine, and I knew that neither of us would last much longer.
 
So overwhelmed by the raw sexuality of my massive dragon, I managed to actually lift him up a couple inches with a powerful thrust, precum splattering out between his cheeks and my hips. The surge was so powerful that I could hardly bear to face it, burying my face in those musky Charizard nuts and squeezing them tight around my face. I sniffed and slurped madly at the plush spheres, losing myself in his pure, unadulterated essence. "F-fuuuck, Charizard!" was the most I could manage before exploding deep inside of him, his insides more than eager to slurp up every drop of seed I could produce. It was bigger than any other orgasm I had known before... eight spurts, nine, ten...!
 
Charizard roared fiercely, his depraved cries shaking the lockers as he clenched tightly around me, milking me for every drop even as the splurts began to explode from between his cheeks. With his trembling legs, he could no longer support himself, and settled to grind insistently against me, making use of every single inch of my twitching cock. While I worked laboriously at tending to his ever-burgeoning spheres, he handled his other throbbing problem, pulling it upwards as he rubbed it furiously. He thrusted against his own gut, using it as a fucktoy, surely finding as much pleasure as I had felt only moments prior. 
 
His maw hung open, his eyes rolling back and his goopy drool flowed freely from within, plopping down to his sputtering shaft and pre-coated belly. I could feel his nuts roiling, growing against me as he too approached his inevitable peak. “M-master, you’re cumming inside me! Use your personal dragon fucktoy, p-please! Fill me f-full, breed me and make me y-yours!!” 
 
His thick yellow balls swelled one last time as he used his long neck to clamp around his own member. It took a whole second for his virile cum to flow up through his cock before bursting violently into his greedy maw. As large as Charizard was, there was no containing the veritable explosion of pure, goopy draconic musk that escaped in an unstoppable gushing wave of lust. Cups of it splattered all over, coating his face, chest, belly, and even me. 
 
But even so, a large amount of it surged straight down his gullet, visibly bulging his throat as he guzzled the goopy liquid down greedily. Even as my crowning climax sputtered to a finish, his was only just beginning. I pulled back from his pumping sack, content to lay back and just lightly hug and massage them. Cum continued to rain in tandem to his throbs, each consecutive shot creating more of a mess than the last. 
 
It wasn’t long until I saw it, though. How his already burgeoning gut began to tremble. It... it was growing! He was taking in so much of his own cum, that even his massive belly had to stretch to contain it… Already his thick shaft seemed to hold back the heft of his paunch, but it didn’t take long before it was simply overwhelmed. The creamy flesh crept slowly around its girthy sides, every moment encroaching further upon its veiny surface. Even as it grew, I admired how plush and soft it seemed to stay, allowing him to maintain his grip around his still-releasing member.

“You sure love drinking cum don’t you…?” I breathed, slapping at his swelling belly. “What a dirty little dragon you are... but that’s fine, keep drinking.” The taunts only inspired him to suckle harder, his long neck bulging from how much seed he was inhaling.  “Keep growing larger for your Master. Grow until you have the biggest, softest belly the world has ever seen!” I grew hard again at the sight, only compounded by his still clenching tailhole around me.
 
Minute after minute passed, his orgasm thundering on. His shaft was all but surrounded by his enormous cum-filled gut now, its plush surface reaching down towards me, now so close that it nearly smothered me whole. I rubbed and squeezed at it, feeling at its wonderful texture and consistency, the massive amounts of cum within making it slosh. He seemed to be straining to hold onto his cock, his powerful arms working overtime to allow him to keep suckling and drinking. Renewed, I continued to thrust into him to encourage him, pushing him as far as he could go. 
 
Even as the minutes passed, even when his gut had completely engulfed his massive member, it didn’t seem like he had slowed down at all! But his arms had reached their limit, no longer able to hold back the pressure of his now enormous gut. The flesh expanded to press against all three of the shower walls, not a single inch of the tile behind me uncovered by its girth. “Charizard, you- mmmf!” 
 
With a thunderous clap, his cock released and unleashed his behemoth of a belly, the hundreds of pounds of cum-filled gut dropping and smothering me anew. This time it was heavier, muskier, fuller, than I could have ever imagined. Exhausted, he could only sit there as I struggled beneath the mass, not even sure how large it could possibly be now… 
 
I couldn’t tell how much time passed, merely subsisting on the cloying, musky air beneath my overfilled dragon. But eventually, I felt him shift, ever so slowly. With what had to be an immense effort, he rolled off of me, finally releasing me and my member from his thick donut. The light of the room was blinding in comparison to the darkness I had been surrounded, but with a moment of adjustment, I was able to gaze upon my Pokemon once more. 
 
My tank of a Charizard laid on his back, his paws slowly running along the top of his belly and rubbing it. It was absolutely humongous! The jiggling sphere rose nearly six feet into the air, still soft, but maintaining its beautifully round form. He practically took up the entire shower like this, his belly rising even over the stall door, and just barely out of reach of the walls. I stood, placing my hand on that sloshing beast. “Well buddy, you sure put on a lot of pounds today.” 
 
He groaned happily, but didn’t manage a response, his gaze drifting as he began to succumb to exhaustion. Suddenly I felt it too; I had nearly forgotten how spent I was, after all that debauchery. But with the bed ruined, I had only one place to go…
 
With enough effort, I shambled up his pillowy gut, lying face down atop it and just letting myself sink into its warm, and wet embrace. Who needed a real bed anyways? 